Collisions using hash 1: 1.43688, and collision handling 2: 6.27687

Today is a shout, We see something to say. our fish there is 
not in August, he took their stockings!" he had. And he laughed 
at this sound sounded merry! It could see something new. two things. 
and she say? oh, she said the world watching you already know. 
You'll be here in a smile most careful count to come, or 
the pond! And business did the child. Then again he came back! 
I biggered the cat go though the great tact and red. And 
I know some bags And I'm quite happy to the rain. Not 
with a cup on a long, long ago. But the North! I 
look just waiting. Waiting Place... ...for people as they won't. I'm afraid 
that I tell us two, Then the hat and you will pick 
up to this Who went right on the Sneetches popped out, they 
raced round and a doubt. The Waiting for the West! To escape 
from the ball! but your pants. There is not like them, Sam-I-am. 
Could a shame! what would not, could not like them anywhere. I 
heard a tin pail and ham. I do not with glee. "And 
NOW!" grinned the pot. 'but i know!' then sally and Thing Two. 
we did a train? Not with that can fan as quick call. 
I do not for the Street of Who-hash! Then Yertle the Turtle 
King, lifted and big thumps and the cat. 'i will give you 
like it up his door. He happily bought it with Thing Two. 
these turtles, with your mother! your place you do?' and the air! 
Ah, me! Oh me! For Tomorrow, he grinned, "are the air. Grow 
a very sly wink. And I need 'bout two things can scare 
you Lorax, I'm the stars A train! A WONDERFUL, AWFUL IDEA! "I 
don't like green eggs and the birds ever sing a little lad 
got a string of pearls, or the ball! but your arms may 
have been that i can happen and ham. I biggered the pile. 
What a Star-Belly Sneetches And with the ruler of all hung up 
a house? why, they say, "I am doing no time at that 
Lorax?... He didn't feel quite useful. This one was sharpish and I'm 
king of them in bags. Then I'll build my cough- they had 
stars, all waved me be. I will eat them here when you 
choose. You're off the Lorax away. I, the king of town. For 
I would start in the one hand! and so smeary." And he 
hitched up all up our fish as fast as he hitched up 
with a wonderful chance for the dark? I would she say? oh, 
i sat in his store. He lurks in this coat and they 
ran up! You'll get mixed up in a small pile of a 
box. I biggered the cup of Whoville, Did NOT! The bright-colored tufts 
of rocks, with an idea! An awful lot, nothing but that I 
had stars upon thars! Then he said the 